README.md, before:

# distant-wave-epk.git

This repo contains all of the source for the Distant Wave Electronic Press Kit website

## General Information
the Distant Wave Website/EPK is simply an angular web application that is deployed to run **somewhere** in a container.

## Development Container
see `dev.sh` for running the development contianer, the system dependencies are only `podman >= 3.0.1`. You might be able to develop on windows... but I recommend using a linux distribution instead.

Instead of going through the trouble of installing node and angular directly on your host, simply build the developer container and develop out of there.

General usage:
```
# Build the development image
./dev.sh -b

# Run the container
./dev.sh -r

# connect to the container
./dev.sh -c
```

The container mounts the `./src` directory, so any `npm` commands can be run in the container and file changes will persist on the local disk.


## Repo structure
The distant-wave-epk repo is structured as follows:

`infra/` : all infrastructure code
`code/`  : all source is here, this is where the root of the angular application lives
`dev.sh` : The script for driving the developer container


## Development workflow
1. Start the development container and attach to it
2. change directories to `code/dw-epk-app` and build the application with `ng build`
3. test your changes by running `ng serve` and navigating to `http://localhost:4200`


Any commands like `ng generate` or `ng add` or `npm install` **MUST** be run within the `dw-epk-app` directory.

## Useful Links
Angular material documenation (not using bootstrap): 
https://material.angular.io/


# Tasks:
## ==== Part 1 - initial setup ====
1. Finish upcoming shows page w/ mock data
2. Finish home page (need pictures, a blurb, etc...)
3. Finish contact page
4. Finish music page

## ==== Part 2 - real data ====
1. Create a database (probably can use django and sqlite3, deployment should be a podman pod w/ this app and the database talking internally)
2. Create an API for getting data from the database
3. replace mock-data with data from the database

## ==== Part 3 - Real styling ===
1. figure out sass?
2. do final styling on all of the pages
3. figure out how to always have the footer be the end of the page (no white space when I scroll past it)

Commit message:

finally figured out how to use css. Also learned that embedding instagram and youtube videos is easy :)

README.md, after:

# distant-wave-epk.git

This repo contains all of the source for the Distant Wave Electronic Press Kit website

## General Information
the Distant Wave Website/EPK is simply an angular web application that is deployed to run **somewhere** in a container.

## Development Container
see `dev.sh` for running the development contianer, the system dependencies are only `podman >= 3.0.1`. You might be able to develop on windows... but I recommend using a linux distribution instead.

Instead of going through the trouble of installing node and angular directly on your host, simply build the developer container and develop out of there.

General usage:
```
# Build the development image
./dev.sh -b

# Run the container
./dev.sh -r

# connect to the container
./dev.sh -c
```

The container mounts the `./src` directory, so any `npm` commands can be run in the container and file changes will persist on the local disk.


## Repo structure
The distant-wave-epk repo is structured as follows:

`infra/` : all infrastructure code
`code/`  : all source is here, this is where the root of the angular application lives
`dev.sh` : The script for driving the developer container


## Development workflow
1. Start the development container and attach to it
2. change directories to `code/dw-epk-app` and build the application with `ng build`
3. test your changes by running `ng serve` and navigating to `http://localhost:4200`


Any commands like `ng generate` or `ng add` or `npm install` **MUST** be run within the `dw-epk-app` directory.

## Useful Links
Angular material documenation (not using bootstrap): 
https://material.angular.io/


# Tasks:
## ==== Part 1 - initial setup ====
1. Finish upcoming shows page w/ mock data
2. Finish home page (need pictures, a blurb, etc...)
3. Finish contact page
4. write a tool that uses the youtube and instagram APIs to get the latest post from the distant wave social accounts. Runs weekly, updates a database, music-page reads from database and updates posts.

## ==== Part 2 - real data ====
1. Create a database (probably can use django and sqlite3, deployment should be a podman pod w/ this app and the database talking internally)
2. Create an API for getting data from the database
3. replace mock-data with data from the database

## ==== Part 3 - Real styling ===
1. figure out sass?
2. do final styling on all of the pages
3. figure out how to always have the footer be the end of the page (no white space when I scroll past it) [Update: I guess it just works automagically?? can't reproduce issue on pages with content...]
